Real Avoma call — BTS (prospect) × SurveySparrow (ThriveSparrow product)
Avoma meeting UUID: 0fb0f744-6a5a-4094-8af1-9d40ab4e1f17
SE: Ishrath Ahamed
AE: River England
Director of Sales (per kaushik): Trent — DID NOT SPEAK / NOT PRESENT IN TRANSCRIPT
Prospect attendees (BTS): Jamal Hawash, Mahima Chawda, Aqsa Ali, Christian Fernandez
Call type: Pilot / trial-onboarding training session (NOT a discovery demo)
Use case: 360-degree performance survey, with multi-client / subaccount management

[Full diarized transcript]

River England: Hey, Jamal. How's it going? Hey, River. Doing well. How are you? Doing great. Doing great.
Jamal Hawash: Thanks for getting this rescheduled and handled here.
River England: Yeah. Yeah. No worries at all. We had to end up moving the invite because someone from the BTS team, Emmanuel, had made a trial account with us already. So we just had to work that out in the backend really quick, but glad we were able to get it resolved.
Jamal Hawash: Yeah, and I was trying to figure out who that guy was. I've never met him. He's out of our Milan office in Italy.
River England: Oh, interesting. Okay.
Jamal Hawash: Yeah. So maybe he was just playing around with it, but I haven't ever met with him.
River England: Yeah. Well, no worries at all. We got it figured out.
Mahima Chawda: Hi everyone. We all were in a separate call, so we all are just jumping in. Christian should also join in couple of minutes.
River England: Awesome. No worries at all. Happy to give him just a few minutes to join. How's everyone doing today? Good day so far?
Jamal Hawash: So far yeah. Good. Looking forward to the long weekend here.
River England: Yeah. Me as well. So Jamal, you're in Arizona. Mahima is in New York. Aqsa, are you in New York as well with the rest of the team?
Jamal Hawash: Where are you, River?
River England: Utah is where I am. Looks like Christian's joining, so I'll admit him now, and then we can go ahead and get started.
River England: Hi Christian. Can you hear us alright?
Christian Fernandez: Yep.
River England: Awesome. Perfect. Well, thank you all so much for joining. Again, apologies for the confusion on the other day, for getting this pilot program up and running. But glad we got it figured out. Ready to get started today. So with that being said, I'll turn the time over to Ishrath, and he can kind of start running us through how we can get this pilot set up and get things kicked off.
Ishrath Ahamed: Alright. Thank you, River. Hi team. We meet again. I'm so sorry for the confusion here. So from BTS has apparently signed up, and they've used one of your company-level email addresses. That's the main reason why it wasn't letting us through to sign up again. I'm glad we got it figured out. And Christian, if I'm not wrong, you had a chance to play around the application as well, right?
Christian Fernandez: Yes.
Ishrath Ahamed: Alright. Awesome. So just a quick check — Mahima, Aqsa, Jamal, and I'm not sure if Alison is in the call?
River England: No, don't think Alison could make it.
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. So did you all get a chance to get an email from ThriveSparrow asking you to verify the email and get started with your Thrive account?
Jamal Hawash: I was actually looking through my email earlier today, and I didn't see it. Do you know what I should be looking up?
Christian Fernandez: It landed in spam, and I had to release it from one of the Mimecast emails.
Jamal Hawash: I'll check that right now.
Ishrath Ahamed: Once you click on that email, you basically have to set up your own password to get inside the system. But down the line, in case if you wanted it to be integrated within your SSO systems, we could explore that functionality as well. Once you're inside, you should have access to all the modules starting from 360, Engage, and all other modules as well. The main reason why I did not have the product limited just to 360 is just so that you get at least some familiarity with other concepts as well in case there is a need for any other client projects that arise in the future.
Ishrath Ahamed: Let's get one of your screens shared. Maybe Christian or Mahima or Aqsa, one of you can share your screen and take me through your Thrive account, and we'll get going from there. Meanwhile, Mahima, did you get a chance to probably collate the framework that you were discussing earlier to be implemented?
Mahima Chawda: No. Like, I thought we are actually building the survey today.
Ishrath Ahamed: Oh yes. We can do that. But just in case if you have a framework in hand, we could look into implementing the framework as part of the service system as well.
Mahima Chawda: Yeah. So I think Christian has already tried with one of the surveys, so we can use that example here.
Ishrath Ahamed: Perfect. Sounds like a plan. Let's go inside any survey. Let's probably look into the quarterly performance survey, I believe, that Christian, you were playing around, if I'm not wrong.
Christian Fernandez: Yeah. This was the one that was prebuilt, and then this was the one I built myself.
Ishrath Ahamed: Let's probably set the agenda now. So Christian, looks like you already have a template set up. So basically what you've set up — just for other people's friends over here — the ones that you see on the left hand side that says "think strategically" is a competency. "Make sound decision" is another competency. So all these competencies keep going on and on with a lot of sections, and within each and every competency, you can have as many questions as you want. These questions could be in a rating scale like you could see on the screen. You could also have open text feedback, or you could have multiple choice options. And you could explore having multiple types of inputs for people to take the service from.
Christian Fernandez: One question I did have was — once you go and start building out the survey, you can only add questions, and this is the only place where you can add free text. Is that correct?
Ishrath Ahamed: So what you see on top that says "think strategically" is basically the section header, the competencies header, and just the description of that header. If you scroll down at any point of the screen, you'll see a plus line in between the questions. You can just hover between, and click on any of those options, and you can click text input. So you can put a question on there.
Christian Fernandez: But my question is — is there an opportunity to add just free text and not have it necessarily be a question, but, like, maybe it's instructions or just information for the test taker, or is this the only place where you can add your own free text without it being a question?
Ishrath Ahamed: In between the questions, I don't believe it would be possible to have free text. So any free texts are supposed to be on top of the competency itself just so that it doesn't break the flow. In case if you would want to have some additional inputs to the questions that you actually have, you could probably have a description for every question. So if you hover on this and then click on the one that looks like 3 dots — 3 lines and a pencil — yep, correct. So you can add a description underneath this question in case if you want to give people a better reference to take the question itself.
Christian Fernandez: Got it.
Ishrath Ahamed: Alright. So this would be the survey creation section itself. Let's say if you want to make this multilingual, you can click on the English button that says on the top and then click on add language. So any language on top of your mind, you can just click on that and click on add translations. That should do the job. But let's say if you want to go further and edit these translation files as well, totally possible. Because for different languages, there will be different verbiage. For example, in English, it makes sense to ask, "are you okay to wear multiple hats?" But in Spanish or any other languages, it might not make sense when you ask "are you okay to give multiple hats?" So you could go ahead and tweak each and every little thing within the translation files itself.
Christian Fernandez: Aqsa, if you hover over when you're on the actual survey view, it'll tell you what each number is. Like, right here.
Aqsa Ali: Got it. Thanks.
Christian Fernandez: The only thing I was thinking about was, some of our surveys, we have definitions for each one of them, and so I don't know — we'd have to think about where it would make the most sense to add that.
Ishrath Ahamed: Can you click on the settings icon on the left hand side, the one that looks like a spanner? You can actually configure what these have to call out.
Christian Fernandez: Yeah, but this will show up in the actual survey though, right?
Ishrath Ahamed: That's right.
Christian Fernandez: Definition would show up here?
Ishrath Ahamed: Yes. It's gonna look exactly like this. But let us say if you would want to have clear visibility into all these numbers, you could add these instructions as part of the section header itself, the competencies header.
Christian Fernandez: Which would be where?
Ishrath Ahamed: For example, if you could go back to survey creation page and click on a competency.
Jamal Hawash: Like, under think strategically, Christian.
Christian Fernandez: Yeah, of course.
Ishrath Ahamed: I think I might have an example to show that has worked for one of our clients that I implemented this. Maybe I can share my screen and show you how that's gonna look like, and you could probably take notes from that.
Mahima Chawda: Is it possible to have two welcome pages? Like, for example, what we used to do — this first welcome page, and then on the second page, we give definitions and some basic instructions, and then from third page, usually, the actual survey starts. So is it possible to have two welcome pages, and in the second page, we can have what we have been discussing right now?
Ishrath Ahamed: This should be possible, but I think it's just going to look like a section itself with some content underneath without any questions.
Christian Fernandez: So technically, on the backend, it would be appearing like a competency, but we just wouldn't leverage it in the report.
Ishrath Ahamed: That is right. Let me go ahead, share my screen. Yep. So let's say you have this first welcome page. Right after that, you could have another welcome page, which could just be like this, and you can go ahead and put any sort of content that you want right underneath and without any questions at all, and the actual questions can start from the next section.
Mahima Chawda: Right. But in report, like, right now, we don't know how things are getting pulled in the report. Would the definitions and everything be displayed in the report as well?
Ishrath Ahamed: Good question. So when you go to the reporting section, you get to choose what you want to see and what you should ignore. So with that flexibility, this can be solved.
Mahima Chawda: Makes sense. Thank you.
Ishrath Ahamed: No worries at all. Let me show you something that I wanted to show. Yeah, so if you could see here, this is a competency, and then this is instructions. You're also calling out who is the one who is getting evaluated, and if there's an evaluator on the picture, you could also have them called out. So it's basically just a bunch of texts and some variables that you can use in the relevant places. That should do it. So probably Christian, you can try implementing something like that in case if you think hovering on rating scales is going to be a little cumbersome for the survey takers.
Ishrath Ahamed: Christian, would you mind sharing your screen again? So just to set the structure of this meeting and what you can look forward to — let's look at how you can curate the survey itself with the right set of questions, the customizations, etcetera. And then we'll dig a little bit into the configuration aspect of things, and then we'll fine tune how things will have to be set up. And I can also let you run a survey itself and let one of you take it, and then we can visualize it in a report. And then with that, you'll get to understand how the cycle itself looks and feels like — starting from creating a survey and shooting them and analyzing the responses. Maybe after the session, you could go ahead and consider implementing for one of your projects that you have in hand and see how this is working out, or internally test with a lot of folks and get some feedback and let us know in case if we need to incorporate something else on top of what we already discussed.
Ishrath Ahamed: Alright. So Christian, this is basically where you build the questions, the logics, and all that. But did you get a chance to set up some logics? For example, you might be running the service to a wide range of roles and people. So if you want certain sections and competencies to be shown only to certain roles, you could set that up easily. So you can define the visibility based on what people select from different sections and questions, or based on roles or any custom property that you store within. So I know for now you just see evaluator, peer, manager, etcetera, but you can go ahead, add as many custom properties as you want to give more information about the employees and then use them here to reference people.
Christian Fernandez: And all of this — if we could add a different property, that would be under the participants tab here?
Ishrath Ahamed: Good question. So this is going to be under — if I'm not wrong, it will be under the people tab if you go outside to the home screen.
Christian Fernandez: Properties.
Ishrath Ahamed: Cool. So yeah, in the property section, you can click on new property and add as many properties as you want. So as you import people into the system, or let us say you're connecting to a different HRI system of sorts, you can make the mapping to a relevant property. And this property information can be cross referenced within the survey logics. Now of course, you can also filter down results based on properties as well.
Christian Fernandez: And then when we add — so if we go to the survey and I haven't added anyone on here, but if we were to add folks. I did notice this here. Is this a mandatory field that you would have to input if you wanted to add folks manually?
Ishrath Ahamed: So the drill here is, Christian, when you are adding participants to this list, you will have to add them to the people directory first, and then people who are getting stored within the people directory will be available inside the participants tab.
Christian Fernandez: Got it. So we would add them as employees here?
Ishrath Ahamed: That is right. You could add them manually or just like, import from a CSV of sorts.
Christian Fernandez: Got it. Is this basically just like a directory of some sort?
Ishrath Ahamed: That is right. The only single source of truth, Christian. So for example, if you'd like to put people into departments, clusters, job titles, anything at all, you store it over here as a mass database of all the participants, and then you use it in any of the surveys that you create.
Christian Fernandez: Got it. I did notice in looking at the emails — let me just jump there. So if you have it where it's one invite to the evaluator and they're evaluating multiple people, it's pulling in this picture or this icon. Can that be disabled, or will it always be kind of like that default icon that we saw earlier in the people list?
Ishrath Ahamed: By default, you'll have some random art images, like something like birds, if I'm not wrong. By default, it's gonna pop up. But in case if you want that disabled, we can do that from the backend, and we'll let you know. So do you not want that, Christian, at all in your account?
Christian Fernandez: I think it would just depend on everyone's opinion here, but it was just something I noticed.
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. Understood, Christian. So a lot of our clients have requested for this feature so that people can add people's images as part of the evaluation itself and make it a little more user friendly. But in case if this is not a need, we could get that removed from the backend.
Christian Fernandez: Of course. Of course. And then while we're here — what is this "choose evaluators" email, like, which ones gets triggered when you launch the survey? What are the participants gonna get first? Is it gonna be this email or this email?
Ishrath Ahamed: So it's totally based on your configuration.
Christian Fernandez: Oh, that's how you configure it. Okay.
Ishrath Ahamed: Yeah. So if you go to the configure tab and if you go to settings within, you'll be able to find some things. For example, who needs to be — I mean, what should be the process in the first place. So based on that, some things will get triggered via email and some will not.
Christian Fernandez: Got it.
Ishrath Ahamed: So if you go to the permissions tab, you'll find all of that in detail. Like if people should be able to evaluate themselves, if the subject should be able to choose their evaluators, etcetera, etcetera. So based on the settings, you will see that. And it's also best practice to integrate it with one of your email addresses. For example, it could go like hr@bts.com or admin@bts.com as an email address to send these communications from, instead of having it go from ThriveSparrow by default, which might have some restrictions within the company, which will put them in spam.
Christian Fernandez: Got it. So would — is this — I, you're saying I would edit the "from" on the other menu, not within this menu?
Ishrath Ahamed: So what you see here is just a template that you will configure. But in terms of configuring the email itself and the intense functionalities, you will do it in the accounts tab if you go to your home page. On the right hand side in the end, you would find something that says account. You can click on that.
Christian Fernandez: As of this?
Ishrath Ahamed: Right. Besides "switch to employee", Christian — like, yeah, "Account".
River England: Just the left a little bit.
Ishrath Ahamed: Yeah. I think — can you just click on the admin button again?
Christian Fernandez: Yeah.
Ishrath Ahamed: So right beside that button, you would find something that says account on the left hand side.
River England: Just to the left? Oh yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, just right there.
Christian Fernandez: Yeah. Thank you.
Ishrath Ahamed: No worries. So here, you can go ahead and integrate it with your email address, and that should do the job. May I understand if you would like to integrate it right now, or do you just wanna know how you can go about it so that you can integrate later? Just I guess.
Christian Fernandez: Just curious how we would go about it.
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. No worries.
Christian Fernandez: Is — but would — was this where we would do it? Where, like, the URL update?
Ishrath Ahamed: You would integrate it with your custom domain. Like, when people click on the link itself, it should show, for example, this. You would do it from here. But in terms of integrating a custom email, we need to add a functionality in the backend, which we do not provide during the trial period. So once I enable that, you can go ahead and integrate it with one of your email addresses. So I'll have that done post this meeting.
Christian Fernandez: Got it.
Ishrath Ahamed: That's right. So let's go back to the survey that you created. Let's go ahead and put a participant within, and let's try sending a survey.
Ishrath Ahamed: Can you click on participants? Yeah. Add participant. Add manually, probably. You could choose somebody who is already inside the account. For example, if Mahima had a chance to get in or Aqsa or Jamal, for example. You could choose probably yourself.
Christian Fernandez: And then here.
Ishrath Ahamed: You could — I think you can just put yourself again.
Christian Fernandez: Got it.
Ishrath Ahamed: Add to shortlist. There you go. So when you add people to a shortlist, you're basically curating a list of people who should be in the queue, right, so that you don't accidentally send it. Now once you confirm, you can go ahead and launch the survey. That's going to trigger the survey immediately. So you can click on launch on top, schedule it for later, or you can just launch right away.
Christian Fernandez: Got it.
Jamal Hawash: I was gonna say, Christian, I have a list of some internal BTSers that we'll want to send this out for as a test. Got some names from Allison and Mahima. We don't have to do that now, but just so you know, I'll send you the list. Thank you.
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. Awesome, Jamal. So Christian, for that case, you can go ahead and see what kind of information is there as part of the list. For example, email, the department, the roles, something like a reportee or any organizational information that you wanna store against people, and you can just import that as CSV. And then you can add just that CSV list of people within the participant list. Once you do that, you can just put them in a cadence and schedule the survey itself. So this is once you have the survey which looks good enough for you and so that you could get some feedbacks and thoughts from other people.
Christian Fernandez: My question was just — if we've added Mahima, and we've added their evaluators, and we select launch — the emails that are triggered here, is it just gonna go to Mahima, or will it go to the evaluators as well, or is that just something that you configure on the backend?
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. Can you click on Mahima Chawda over here? Just on the profile. So couple of things to note here. So if you have self assessment, self evaluation turned on, then Mahima is going to get the survey. If you just have evaluators to evaluate a subject, then only the evaluators will get the survey and not the self. If you have both turned on, both the people are going to get the survey, self as well as the evaluators.
Christian Fernandez: Got it.
Ishrath Ahamed: Cool. Okay. So just quickly addressing Aqsa's question. So the role of the approver is more like — for example, let's say you are a team of HRs. So you as a HR have created a performance 360 survey like this. Now your head HR, your manager has a process in place where if anybody under me is creating a survey, has to approve the survey template and then shoot the survey. In such a case, you will have the approver come into the picture. So you let people have control over what people can do because these are organizational information.
River England: Oh, just one thing I was gonna mention as well. If this is easier for your team — because I know we had touched on this last time — you did have either option to either build the survey yourself and test it, or if you have a list of requirements or after reviewing the platform, if you have a good idea of how you want this survey to look within our platform, you could send us over the requirements, and then we can just build the survey for you as well. Happy to do it either way. I know we're just kind of getting our feet wet now. That's primarily what this call is for. But if there is desire for that, just let us know, and we can actually build the entire survey for you, especially if it's going out to clients or if you're actually gonna be using it as a test for actual clients, then of course, we can do that for you as well. So just let us know what your preference is. But I just wanted to mention that. Sorry Ishrath, you can continue.
Ishrath Ahamed: No worries. Any questions, Christian, in terms of functionality, setting up things, configurations, the survey itself?
Christian Fernandez: I think it would be helpful if we went over the entire — if we have time to go over all of the different settings under configure just so that we know what exactly we can and can't do kinda thing. So starting on this review settings, I did have a quick question. So I saw this "others" — you could remove it, but basically I just wanna confirm this "others" just means everyone that's not self, right?
Ishrath Ahamed: That's not self. Yep.
Christian Fernandez: Cool. And then if you just wanted to add custom roles, you can. That's self explanatory.
Ishrath Ahamed: You can also disable some roles to not take the survey itself. So you could set that up. You could also set up how many maximum number of evaluators should be there for a subject based on their roles. You could also configure a few more things by competency, by role, and also by question. So if you could scroll up a little bit, you'll find 3 different tabs. So you could go ahead and give some weightages to every role so that things take precedence. And you could also give question specific configuration. For example, for one question in case if you want to have a higher score, and then for other questions you want to have a lower score by default, you could set that up as well.
Christian Fernandez: Yep. That makes sense.
Ishrath Ahamed: Most of the things that you might find straightforward in the settings itself — like for example setting up a cutoff date. For example, let's say you have a performance cycle of sorts, and it starts and ends within a certain period of time. You could just configure the cutoff dates over here. If you scroll down, you can also let people partially take the submissions. For example, let's say it has about 10 competencies, and if you don't wanna mandate them to take the entire survey and just let them partially submit it and get the job done, you could turn that on. And yeah, like, a lot of things. For example, if you would want to let people go back to the link that they have submitted and edit the responses, or if you want to acknowledge the people who have taken the survey — for example, send a copy of what they have done within the assessments, you could turn the third option on. So this goes as a little record of their evaluation of the subject.
Christian Fernandez: And what — can you explain what this is in more detail?
Ishrath Ahamed: The box grid? Okay. So Box Grid is basically a new feature that we just released. So if you go to the report section, you would find something like this. I don't think you would have it right now because you do not have any data. Let me probably show one of my surveys so that it makes sense. You should be able to see this on my screen right now. This is the reporting page, and on the left hand side, you would see something called box grid. So here, you should be able to assess people based on the scores and the comments where people fall under. For example, who have high potential, the future leaders, core players, need coaching, underperformers, etcetera. So that's basically turning it on. But in case if you wanna configure how these have to pan out, you get complete flexibility over here. If it has to be a 3 into 3 or probably as big as you want. So in case if this is going to come in handy, you could enable this and have the assessment done.
Christian Fernandez: And then going back to the cutoff dates on the settings, are those hard deadlines? So if we added a cutoff date to the nominate evaluators, that means after that date, a participant would not have access to it anymore?
Ishrath Ahamed: That link is not going to be active anymore. So that clicking on that link will say "looks like you missed the link" and it's not accessible anymore, and it will just not let the functionalities enabled.
Christian Fernandez: Got it. Okay. What would this be used for?
Ishrath Ahamed: Good question. So as part of the assessment itself — two types of reporting. One kind of reporting is what you see within the system in the reports tab. Another type of report is a little downloadable file, which is automatically going to get generated and sent across to the evaluators as well as the subjects. So to get these reports sent out, you could have an approval mechanism in place without having it automated. So we can call that a subject level report. So these reports can be on a subject to subject basis, or they can be for the entire organization as well. So for example — I'm just gonna share my screen, Christian, if you wouldn't mind. As you could see here on the screen, when you have a good amount of data, you should be able to find that there are a lot of reports that got generated based on the assessments taken. So you can go ahead as an approver or HR of sorts who manages the entire program — click on view, see how the report looks like, and then you can just click on approve on the top, and then it will just shoot the report to people.
Ishrath Ahamed: Let me see if there's something that I can review and approve. So Leo Das does not have approval yet. Let's click on review here. So I would go ahead and check his report. See, everything looks good, and then I will just approve. Now in the case where you want to have an AI generated personal development plan — for example, to have some action plans as part of the assessment completion and have probably a 30, 60, 90 day kind of a project plan to make the employee work better of sorts — you could let this PDP handle that and have this as part of the report. Now once you get a report generated, you can expect it to look like this. I'm just gonna pull a quick sample that I can show right away. There you go. So this is going to come into the picture if you have the approval mechanism in place where you can go ahead and curate how this has to be and then click on approve so people actually get a download of this.
Christian Fernandez: And that gets delivered to them. Is it just accessible on the platform, or does it get emailed to them?
Ishrath Ahamed: Both. Both. You can control if it has to be on email or if it has to be in the platform or even both.
Christian Fernandez: And then finally, for this section, when it's talking about approver and then admin — was this approver the same one that we added when we added Mahima as a participant? Was this the approver here, or is this a different one?
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. So this is basically the report approver. For example, let's say you add a subject and then you add some evaluators, and then you also decide who has to be the approver to generate the report as a whole in the end of the assessment.
Christian Fernandez: Yeah. So this approver here is approving the nominations, and it's not the same approver as the report? Or is this the same?
Ishrath Ahamed: This person — the field that you see under "approved by" — is going to be the approver in the report section.
Christian Fernandez: Okay.
Ishrath Ahamed: So who would just approve a subject level report to shoot.
Christian Fernandez: Got it. And then is admin just the team here?
Ishrath Ahamed: So admin is anybody who has been added as an admin within ThriveSparrow. So if you go to your account settings, you will find multiple types of role available. So if you add people to the admin role, they will have complete control over the configurations and everything. So you let people with that specific role review the reports in the system.
Christian Fernandez: Got it. Cool. Alright. Permission. So this is just saying there's a self evaluation. This is to let them choose the evaluators?
Ishrath Ahamed: Yeah.
Christian Fernandez: I think these are all pretty —
Ishrath Ahamed: But Christian, just a quick feedback from you. How do you see this getting related to the previous system that you've used before ThriveSparrow?
Christian Fernandez: I think there's a lot of overlap. It's just kind of more so figuring out — it's like the same content, maybe a little bit more. But my struggle so far is just navigating and figuring out where everything lives in here versus your old platform. Like right here, it says "enforce minimum evaluator selection for subjects". Now my question is, "oh hey, where do I set those minimums?" And so it's like — little things like that where I understand what it's saying, but I'm not sure where to go.
Ishrath Ahamed: Sure thing. Let me tell you something, Christian. I've never seen anybody who is able to pick up a product like this quickly. Because when I saw your survey that you created, you only had it in a very structured fashion. I mean, you cut down basically a lot of my job.
Christian Fernandez: Yeah, no, it was very user friendly for the most part. And then when I emailed you about how do I add people, it was because I did not realize that these were tabs I could click into. So again, it's just navigating. But I think user friendly for the most part. I mean, I don't know if anyone else has played around with it, but I haven't necessarily gotten stuck. It's just more — okay, I don't know where something is.
Ishrath Ahamed: Just figuring out things. No worries about that.
Christian Fernandez: But okay. Just that question though, where would I define the minimums?
Ishrath Ahamed: Good question. You can go to the review settings on the left hand side. Yep. You can just click on this piece, and you should be able to find it right there.
Christian Fernandez: Perfect. Yeah. That makes sense. And then if I click on that enforce minimum evaluation, that's gonna apply to all evaluators. There's not a way to apply it to some and not others, correct?
Ishrath Ahamed: That is right. So if in case if you want differentiations, you will have to turn that off.
Christian Fernandez: Right. Okay.
Ishrath Ahamed: I see Mahima has a question. Is it possible to have different admin levels? 100%. So if you go to your account settings on the home screen, you should be able to find something that says roles and permissions on the left hand side, and you get to have multiple admin levels — like survey admin only or admins to the entire platform or super admins.
Christian Fernandez: What is the difference between a survey admin and an admin? Is this just like admin for everything and then survey admin is just for the survey?
Ishrath Ahamed: That's right.
Christian Fernandez: Just for the survey.
Ishrath Ahamed: Yeah. You can just click on any of these roles, and you can dig a little deeper into it. You'll get to see what all ticks and what does not tick.
Christian Fernandez: Got it.
Ishrath Ahamed: So if you'd like to add people, you can just click on something that says "no members assigned", and you will just add them here.
Christian Fernandez: So if we were to add someone who hadn't logged in to ThriveSparrow before, would they just get a similar email to what we got to activate our account, or how would that work?
Ishrath Ahamed: That's right. Step one, you will have to go to the people section and then add them as an employee within the workspace. So you can do that by clicking on add employees on the top right, the green color button, and then you will find an option to add manually. You can just put their email address, which is a mandatory field, and put some more information about them, and then you can go there and then add them within the admin settings so that people get the right access and also access to the ThriveSparrow application.
Christian Fernandez: This page is going to be admins as well as participants — everything? Take surveys as well?
Ishrath Ahamed: Everything. Yes. So if you can click on any of these things — for example, let's click on Aqsa. Can you click on Aqsa? I think she is on the second page if I'm not familiar.
Jamal Hawash: I didn't set up my account yet.
Ishrath Ahamed: Oh okay. You're you're here. Awesome. So if you click on the 3 dots on the top — if it says "resend invite", it means that Aqsa has not verified her email.
Christian Fernandez: Should I resend invite to you, Aqsa? Have you found it?
Jamal Hawash: No. I haven't. I just haven't set it up.
Christian Fernandez: Okay. Cool.
Ishrath Ahamed: You can click on resend invite anyway, Christian, just see if it gets triggered again. A lot of companies will have a lot of firewall restrictions. So that's probably the main reason why all of you are not getting it in the main inbox. So in the case where you integrate it with your custom email address, this shouldn't be the case. People will be able to see it coming from your company at yourcompany.com instead of coming from ThriveSparrow itself.
Christian Fernandez: Cool. I don't have any questions regarding that. We'll go back to the settings.
Ishrath Ahamed: So Christian, I would advise you and the team — including Aqsa, Mahima, Jamal, and Allison — to try playing around with all the settings and probably try replicating the similar settings that you had with a different project in a different application, and then try to inculcate all of them within the system. And I'm sure you might have some queries, you might have more questions, and I'll be happy to accommodate all of them within the system and ensure that you can at least run the pilot program without any friction. And then we can go ahead and probably actually implement this for one of your projects. How do you think that sounds?
Christian Fernandez: Yeah. I think that sounds like the game plan. Does anyone else have any other opinion?
Jamal Hawash: No, I think we're — I'm good at least. And I know I need to go in and do some testing, but yeah, I think we should just test it out on our end. Mahima and Jamal.
Christian Fernandez: Cool. I do have one question about anonymity. There was — it was in the survey. I think here. Yeah. So is this — this is just if you're using it like if you were doing like an HR survey and you didn't wanna tie people's responses to them kind of thing? We wouldn't use this for, like, a 360 survey. Is that the correct thinking there?
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. Christian, if my understanding is right, you wouldn't want to assess people anonymously and want to know the people that you're assessing, right?
Christian Fernandez: Yeah. For like the 360 survey specifically, we wouldn't leverage this disclaimer, right? Because we —
Ishrath Ahamed: You can turn that off, yep.
Christian Fernandez: On a 360 survey, we inform people "hey, your ratings won't be tied back to you" — like the participant won't know that your ratings are yours. But I'm thinking that this particular disclaimer is meant more so for like an HR survey where you're giving feedback on the company. Is that thinking correct, or maybe I'm overthinking it?
Ishrath Ahamed: Yeah. That's right, Christian. This is still just a disclaimer that you're turning off. But in case if you wanna ensure that it's not being anonymous, you can go to the configure sections and ensure that the anonymity factor is not turned on. You can just go back to the survey itself and then click on configure, and then anonymity on the left hand side.
Ishrath Ahamed: Yep. So yep, keep the responses non anonymous, and yeah, it looks good. Everything looks good. But I have a quick question for you, Christian. So for example, of course, you're gonna know who the subjects are who are getting assessed. Would you want the subjects to look at who said what in terms of evaluators when they get a downloadable report?
Christian Fernandez: No. We don't want that.
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay.
Christian Fernandez: Yeah. We would have, in a typical 360 survey, we would set it up where the manager feedback would be non anonymous, but all other groups would be.
Ishrath Ahamed: Of course. Yep.
Christian Fernandez: But yeah. That is — does that matter for this setting here in the anonymity section?
Ishrath Ahamed: I was just checking something to see if you still would want that or not based on your settings. So let me just probably show my screen and show you why I am asking the question. So as you could see on the screen, you are keeping the survey non anonymous. But when there are evaluators, it would just show the roles if you have only roles turned on. For example, if you have a bunch of peers and a manager of sorts, it will just show peer one, peer two, peer 3, and manager instead of their names. So if you enable names, it will actually show people's name itself like this.
Christian Fernandez: Interesting.
Ishrath Ahamed: If you have this one, it's gonna look like this. But in the case where you're just going to have one peer for a subject at times, you can have minimum thresholds to ensure that only if a certain number of peers are met for the evaluation, then it shows the comments. If not, it wouldn't show the comments because people will be able to guess who the peer is.
Christian Fernandez: Interesting. Yeah. I think we'll just have to play around with it and see what makes sense whenever we get the report — the data spit out on the report, what it looks like. But yeah, I feel like it's a new setting that we can play around with just to make sure that we're not revealing any information that should be confidential.
Ishrath Ahamed: Sounds good, Christian. Any questions? Yeah. Go ahead.
Christian Fernandez: No, I was just saying — I think next step is just finalizing these settings, getting those test users Jamal mentioned, get them invited to take the survey, and then look at what report gets spit out, and then asking follow up questions from there. I'm sure there'll be more questions as to how the data is displayed in the report.
Ishrath Ahamed: Sure. So let me probably give you a quick refresher on how you can do this in a much more organized fashion instead of trying to figure out things or to ensure that we are not all over the place. So what you would do is basically create the surveys with the competencies, with the questions. You call out people's names. You put whatever you want as part of the descriptions, the headers, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera, and then you design them the best way as possible, like, put your company's logos in all the places, put some backgrounds which looks appealing, make the survey multilingual, and then you would configure the rating scales and what they have to call and sound like. And then you go to the configure section, and then you double check all these options, and then in the end, you would go to reports to configure how the reports will have to turn out to be. So there is a subject level report, and then there is a company level report, which you can go ahead and configure. That being said, I would also recommend you to go ahead and double check how this message sounds like, that goes as an email to people who are going to be a part of the entire survey process and ensure everything looks good. Remove ThriveSparrow branding, probably put BTS branding over here, and then save them. You could also test after saving them over here. Once that is done, you can go to the people directory, put some people who should be part of this assessment, and then add them over here. You can just click on auto generate or add from a CSV and shoot them across. Once done, everybody's gonna get the invites, and people will start taking part of the assessments. Evaluators are going to get the option to evaluate subjects, and self people — I mean the subjects itself will get self assessment link, and the approvers will also get an approval email of sorts, and then you will start visualizing all the reports within the reports dashboard.
Ishrath Ahamed: You have a bunch of settings on top to bottom. You get to visualize things in terms of departments, roles, names, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. And then if there is an action plan that you have to create so that you can make something better based on the assessment data, you create some, save it. And yeah, in case if there is an approval mechanism in place, you go to the report section, and then you would review some reports and then click on approve. Now before that, if you want to have an AI plan which generates things, themes — looks at the open text feedback from people and then gives a plan of sorts for the next set of days to come or probably for the upcoming year — you would do that and then click on approve. That is the entire drill.
Ishrath Ahamed: Alright. Okay. I see Aqsa has dropped. No worries. So Mahima and Christian, any questions in terms of the process, anything at all, Jamal?
Jamal Hawash: I don't, yeah, I don't think questions on my end. And Christian, I'll fire this email off to you now, and it's got a list of people we can have test it. Wanted you to get in there like you did and test it from a build standpoint, and then these others will have them just from a participant standpoint.
Ishrath Ahamed: Sounds good.
Mahima Chawda: Ishrath, I just have one quick question, and I'm sorry if it has already been discussed. My laptop —
Ishrath Ahamed: No worries.
River England: You're fine. No worries.
Mahima Chawda: So right now, the URL is, like, bts.thrivesparrow. So all the clients, are they sit under like this URL, or like, you have different URLs for different client setups? My question is how all the clients would be organized on ThriveSparrow platform?
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. Got it. So that's a very good question, and I'm really really glad, Mahima, you brought it up because I missed it. Let me go ahead, start sharing my screen again, and then show you how exactly I can organize this whole thing. So for your case, you might do a lot of handholding for other clients as well. In such a case, we can enable a concept of subaccounts. So what I mean by that is that BTS.ThriveSparrow is going to be your company account, and then if you go to subaccounts, you can add multiple accounts with it. So here, you could add one client's account, and then you can go ahead and add one more client's account and add as many accounts as you want that you would go ahead and end up managing. And as part of these accounts, you'll get access to these accounts as well, and then you can manage them separately. And then over here, from bts.thrivesparrow.com, you get to see everything in a centralized fashion at least over here. But when you go to these reports and everything, you will just see BTS information. And if in case if you would like to see the client level information, you will have to go inside the client accounts itself and not here. The reason why it's that way is because if you have one client today, if you have like two clients a couple of months down the line, there's going to be a lot of confusion in the data, and you would find it very hard to organize things in place and ensure that there's not a lot of friction behind managing multiple clients. Mahima, I hope I answered your question.
Mahima Chawda: Yes, yes. I mean, I think there would be — once we get into it, like, we would definitely have more questions because — like, what URL client would be using, or as you said, we have to log in into the client's URL. So if for example, if I'm building a survey for one client, would it be on the client's URL thing, or would it be in BTS ThriveSparrow thing? So I think that would all be a lot of follow up questions would be there, but first, I think it's better to have step by step.
Ishrath Ahamed: That is right. Okay. So let's say you have bts.thrivesparrow right now. Let's call that a master account for BTS. And then let's say BTS is managing client a, client b, and client c. Okay. So you can go ahead and create some surveys for your internal sake, like, for BTS as of now. And now after that, if you wanna take it to the next step where you want to have a client in the system, you can just go ahead and sign up on behalf of that client. So you can go to thrivesparrow.com/signup, and then you can put client's information, or you can make them sign up, and then you could let us know, and we could add that as subaccount within your system. Or you could just do it yourself by going inside the settings and then put the URL and the owner's email address of that account and just click on create a subaccount. That should do the job. But I'll also get some more best practices from our client success managers to see which approach works the best before we get into that. So I would advise you to give me some time so that I could check and let you know. I want to ensure that BTS does not have any friction at all when it comes to managing multiple clients. Be it 10 clients, a 100 clients in the future.
Mahima Chawda: Right. Got it. And in the site, is there any link for tutorials or help guide, or do you have any offline resources that you can share for normal configuration settings, best practices, whatever? So if you can share that, that would be great.
Ishrath Ahamed: Sure thing. So I'm gonna drop in the email so everybody gets into the loop.
River England: Yeah, we can do that. But again, if there are any questions that come up or if you need assistance with something, you can just message us directly, and we'll make sure it gets taken care of. No need to look through a support article or anything like that. We'll just handle it directly for you. Again, we wanna make sure you have a good experience with the pilot. So please message us with any questions. And that actually brings up a question from my side — do we have access to their account in case they want help with something? I just wanna make sure we have the access that we need in order to go and make a change for them or add something for them. Is that all set up, or do we still need to do that?
Ishrath Ahamed: I mean, that will be handy I think, River. Christian, would you mind adding me as a user within your system? So in case if you bump into any issues or anything that you need my handholding for, I could just go ahead and make some tweaks and let you know.
Christian Fernandez: Yeah. I will do that as soon as we drop from this call.
Ishrath Ahamed: Okay. Sounds like a plan.
River England: Yeah. That way we can just get in directly and make a change for you all or something like that, just so there's no friction. As far as that goes, yeah, please message us with any questions. Again, we'll take them up and get back to you as soon as we can whenever questions come up. But as far as next steps go, what does that look like from your side per team? Do we wanna have another invite? Do we wanna have another training session similar to this one? I guess, do you want just some time to play around on the platform and just message us directly?
Christian Fernandez: I think next step is we'll probably get test users to complete a survey next week, and then towards the end of that week, we'll have data to look at in the report and manipulate the report in. And then from there, we'll have probably good to set up time. So maybe not next week, but the week after to discuss kind of our experience and any follow up questions we may have.
River England: Love it. K, that sounds good. Well, I'll maybe send over a tentative invite just two weeks out for the same time. Again, we can move it around as needed. I'm coaching for —
Christian Fernandez: The June 4 because I'll be out the beginning of that week. So the fourth would be great.
River England: Yeah. That's no worries at all. So yeah, I'll send over for the week of the fourth, and then I'll just do same time, but we can move that around of course as needed. So alright team. Well, again, thank you so much for your time. Any other questions or anything else before we drop?
River England: K. Sounds good. Well, thank you again for your time. We appreciate it. We'll look forward to connecting again here on the week of the fourth.
Christian Fernandez: Alright. Thank you. Bye team.
